# Attended robots and Unattended Robots

## Attended robots
__Attended robots work on the same workstations as humans and execute some tasks of the entire process, after which they require human intervention.__

### When are they generally used
In business scenarios that require input or decision making from the human user, or when a well-defined schedule cannot be applied due to the volatility of the process.

### What are some specific scenarios in which Attended Robots are preferable
- The automated process relies on data that needs to be validated by humans
- The robot assists the human directly in performing his tasks
- The automated task cannot be scheduled beforehand and needs manual triggering

### How should the Attended Robots be
- Responsive: when triggered, the attended robot needs to do his part in order to enable the human to take care of the no-automated tasks
- User-friendly: the human user needs to be able to operate the robot easily
- Flexibility: the Attended Robot needs to be able to navigate between different applications and environments.



## Unattended Robots
__Unattended robots work independently of any human interaction. Also, they work on separate, virtual workstaitons.__

### When are they generally used
In manual, repetitive, highly rule-based back office activities, which do not require any human intervention.

### What are some specific scenarios in which Unattended Robots are preferable
- Tasks must be completed continuously in a batch-mode model
- Large amounts of data have to be gathered, sorted, analyzed, and distributed amongst key players in an organization
- The output of the automated process is needed as an input for humans in their work.

### How should the Unattended Robots be
- Flexible to deploy on virtual or remote environments: since the human intervention is minimal，The Unattended Robots are generally deployed to virtual or remote environments

- Easy to scale: the Unattended Robots need to accommodate variation of task and data volumes
- Accurate: because human intervention lacks or is minimal, the ouputs have to be reliable

# Determine the automation potential
## Automation First mindset
For this you need to know the types of processes that can be automated, the factors driving the automation potential, as well as the factors that increase the complexity of a process and make it more difficult to automate.

## Business Process and Procedure

### What is a business process
__Definition__ : A process is a set of interrelated or interacting activities that transforms inputs into outputs.

- __Components of a process:__
  - __Inputs__ - the data that goes in the process;
  - __Process Flows__ - the sequences of sub-processes or activities undertaken in the process;
  - __Source Applications__ - the applications or systems used to perform the sub^processes or activities of the process;
  - __Outputs__ - the result generated by the process;
- __Things to remember:__ The outputs of a process can serve as inputs for other processes.

### What is a procedure

a procedure complemets a process and describes the way it is carried out; it explains who is responsible for each part of the process, when each part of the process needs to occur, how to handle exceptions and the specifications applicable to each part of the process.

__A procedure explains:__
- who is responsible for each part of the process
- when each part of the process needs to occur
- how to handle exceptions
- the specifications applicable to each part of the process.

### Difference
A Process is a series of related tasks or methods that together turn inputs into outputs while A procedure is a prescribed way of under taking a process or part of a process.

## What makes a process a good candidate for automation
- process fitness
- automation complexity

### process fitness
#### Rule-based
The decisions made (including data interpretaiton) in the process can be captured in a pre-defined logic. The exception rate is either low or can be included as well in the business logic.

#### Automatable and/or repetitive process
We can differentiate 4 types of processes:
- Manual & non-repetitive: the process steps are performed by humans and can be different every time the process is executed.
- Manual & repetitive: the steps in the process are performed by the user, and at least some of them are the same every time.
- Semi-automated & repetitive: some of the repetitive steps have already been automated(using macros, Outlook rules, and so on)
- Automated: there are processes that have been already automated using other technologies than RPA

#### Standard input
The input in the process should either be electronic and easily readable or readable using a technology that can be associated with RPA (such as OCR). A good example is an invoice having the fields pre-defined.

#### Stable
Processes that have been the same for a certain period of time and no changes are expected within the next months are good candidates for automation, provided they meet the other criteria as well.

### Automation Complexity
Here are the criteria determining how hard it is to automate a process
- Number of Screens
- Types of Applications
- Business Logic Scenarios
- Types and Number of Inputs

# The RPA Journey
## RPA implementation process
1. Prepare RPA
2. Solution Design
3. Build RPA
4. Test RPA
5. Stablize RPA
6. Constant Improvement

## Positions in RPA implementaion process
- Solution Architect
- Business Analyst
- Implementation Manager/Project Manager
- Infrastructure & IT Security admin
- Process Owner
- RPA Support
